tells crowd beauty here is the hobby am
bringing you another video
and finally to serving the killers river
no doubt you must have stayed a lot
angry when he heard of the new episode
The anime that you like the most is Daughter.
We will know that children are very
important for explaining and speaking a
little more of this now
fillet is an English word derived from
verb to wire that can be translated as
to fill
when the history of mm almost reaches the
place the children appear
the episode of the emmy that does not appear in the
manga are created with the producers of
saga to make the story of the manga that
still in production to distance itself in the
history of the mpe for a cat is
time to complete and complete the
a saga even finish the manga
obviously always have to be ahead
ine and this is of utmost importance
because in this way it prevents
What is your favorite name?
the franchise can be exploited
commercially maintained a
even if it is not always positive, it is
of course, so the believers avoid joining
for them for weeks or even years
which was the case with the postman
had a pause in its production of little
more than a year because the animal was
very close to the manga
thus hindering the production of the
mp needs to have good manga material
already produced that the process is a
both delayed the production of the piers
covers several ways to create a
complete daughter saga between two sagas
manga has a story and characters
previous ones did not even look like a
American series creating small bows
in its history to elaborate a flashback
piller in the form of one or more episodes
which do not show any
development with the plot or
creating a drag effect to prolong
for several episodes from the
battle trip even a dialogue
there is also the cds that do not
episodes that are not present in the
original series and have been added in m
however these stacks episodes are
directed by the original author so
are called phishing scams as in
case noemi beach or stay in episode
230 where he was very close to the manga
so the author himself tite kubo
decided to make a story just for the
mm
the federer name that was not given by this
saga is non-existent in the manga however
written by the creator of the series
so you have no obligation to
watch a filler a semifinal and with
what to do to understand the history of mma
some cases where the children are
extremely exaggerated, for example
english even where the 366 episodes
almost half and killer who also have
cases where the child and appeals to
more money for the series that is what
occurs in naruto where the manga has already been
concluded at prouni to be very successful
How many people are involved in this?
everyone wants to place themselves in the
end with a series of success and the
which can still yield much more for
producers and as everyone already knows is
of course some very bad bends but
We also have children who are
very good with for example has a lot of
episodes margin 50 which marks the
beginning of the second season is a
episode with the characters talking
about how they could prevent the
enem was canceled already in naruto the
episode feels a monster naruto sasc e
sakura trying to figure out how purple the
Cashew face behind that brand Uncle
of jokes and trick-or-treating attempts
and that even more can manage
bosi status for the fans
another good example of believers occurs in a
difficult and one of the crimes is very
funny and well-made
So, guys, another video, I hope.
have enjoyed
Do not forget to give us a pass.
partner the actor galera olympica will
to be here under the inscription
It's a great store, come month with a
simply outstanding quality
check there and if you like the video
let me down like this and help
and if you can share with some
of your friends and of course be sure to
follow us on facebook on twitter at
instagram being a new thing
by lay people and also some promotions
raffles here below the
registration and also gives a
If you are not here, subscribe to the
channel so you do not miss another video or
everybody and I went